G'day to whomever it may concern. This may be the people I've sent it to, or the people who've sent it to the people I've sent it to. Anyway, good day to you all. All right then, this is a little finance tracker app that I've made. I've literally called it Finance Tracker because I have not gotten a better name yet to the work in progress. I've made this app just currently off what it is, just so it so we have an idea of the compatibility, other features, and you know functionality of it all. Sorry if the camera keeps swinging; it's on a weird tripod on. Anyway, this is the homepage. It'll give you a safe to spend. It gives you a run rate, current daily rate, target daily rate, how much you're spending per day, and then percentage-wise. So if you spend over your, it's not a daily limit, but the point is, if you have a certain, if you get an income per month and then a certain amount spending per month, depending on that ratio, you get a rate. I mean, the math students and whoever probably will understand this better, but the point is you get a rate of change, based on miles per hour kind of thing, but you get pounds per day or spending per day. Similar idea to that. Like I said, this is the homepage, and you can go down, and there's much more. This the homepage itself is just going to tell you realistically if you're safe or not safe to spend. It's a it's a helpful guide to tell you basically don't feel guilty about going out tonight or hang on a minute you're a bit if you spend tonight you might be a bit tight next week so this page is meant to be quite simple allowing you to see how much you're spending how much whatever then you've got at the bottom here your log entry analytics calendar whatever but you've also got that on top you can go to transactions here. It'll tell you everything all past transaction. So you have expenses here, and you have incomes. Obviously, the colors. Forget the white and whatever. It's it's shit now, but it will be better. Expenses. It'll tell you everything you spent, and you can you can input this manually as well. You can add expense very simply. The amount, the description. It gives you the categories, what it could be variable or fixed or discretionary, up to you. And then one-off, weekly, monthly, and then you just click add. It's very, very simple to use. Income is the exact same thing. Part-time job is going on, parental support, titles, and whatever. Then you get into the meat of it with the analytics. So again, the overview is just for you to like check, see if you're good for today. Off you go. If you want more details, you can go into the analytics and whatever, and this will give you graphs and actual data like a regular financial tracker would for huge businesses. But it gives you on a much more student level. So here you can see how much you're spending per category, what types you're spending? Whether that most of them have fixed costs, obviously rent, bills, essential subscriptions will come come under that. Variables will come under food, transport, necessities, etc. And then it'll give you key insights at the bottom. What I like there's a calendar here, which the point is you can input high spending days or high spending periods where you're likely to go on and spend whether that's Freshers' Week, which already will be inside. As you can see, all the weekdays have 33 pounds roughly on spending, and the weekends have 58 quid because they know that you're going to spend more on the weekend. That's absolutely fine. It already gas that in, and then as such, it gives you can plan upcoming expenses and events in the future, rather than feeling guilty about it, or the app, you know, confusing it, going, "Oh, you spent too much today when you're out here for a weekend, and you're absolutely fine to do so. You can also add events the exact same way that you would before. It's really, really simple to use. Then you have a goal section, which again, these are completely made up.
But the goal section will give you everything you need to do, so you can add a new goal. Whether you want to buy a laptop, a holiday, or you know shoes or trainers or whatever it is, it will give you that, and you can add it, and then you can say how much time you've got, and then it also gives you how much of an income you'll have to save per week or what percentage. And the point is, when you get to a full one, let's say you get to whatever it is, you make another, you save another 30-five quid to get those new trainers. Then everything else will reduce respectfully into that sense with the rest of the goals. And as such, you can do that, and it'll give you your rates that you need to save exactly weekly required, four pence per week. I mean, apparently it'll take you 20 years to earn these trainers, but fine. See what I mean? The numbers are just shit for now, but yeah, that's currently that transactions calendar. You got the analytics up here. You've got future goals. You've got a few more here. Can I spend is a really useful one. Let's get meant to load. It's again, it's like the dashboard thing. It's you can say how much you want to spend. It'll tell you how much you spend your spending rate, run rate exactly, and yeah, it'll just give you a lot more financial clarity. Yes, I did just far, and yeah. So that's that. So with that in mind, completely. The rest of the survey, and tell me what you think, and be completely honest because this is a complete work in progress. It's not going to look like this at the end. There's going to be a lot more colors, a lot more integration, a lot more features. It's all really good, but this is just to give you a real taste and overview of what it's going to be like and the fundamental pieces of it all. So, thank you very much.